.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH river-status 1  "river-status 0.2.1" 
.SH NAME
river\-status \- A status information client for river
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBriver\-status\fR [\fB\-a\fR|\fB\-\-all\fR] [\fB\-f\fR|\fB\-\-focused\fR] [\fB\-l\fR|\fB\-\-layout\fR] [\fB\-m\fR|\fB\-\-mode\fR] [\fB\-o\fR|\fB\-\-output\fR] [\fB\-p\fR|\fB\-\-pretty\fR] [\fB\-s\fR|\fB\-\-seat\fR] [\fB\-\-show\-outputs\fR] [\fB\-\-show\-seat\fR] [\fB\-\-sleep\fR] [\fB\-T\fR|\fB\-\-tag\fR] [\fB\-t\fR|\fB\-\-title\fR] [\fB\-u\fR|\fB\-\-urgent\fR] [\fB\-\-view\-tags\fR] [\fB\-w\fR|\fB\-\-watch\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
river\-status is a CLI tool that displays information about running instancies of river.
The output is always in JSON, but you can select to have it pretty printed for human readablility.
.PP
By default, it will display the names of each output and the current seat river is using.
.PP
NOTE: this tool uses the `river\-status\-unstable\-v1` protocol which might be subject to significant breaking changes before river sees a stable 1.0 release.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-all\fR
Equivalent of \-f \-l \-m \-t \-\-tag \-u \-\-view\-tags
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-focused\fR
Print information about the focused tags
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-layout\fR
Print layout name of the focused tags.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-mode\fR
Print mode name.
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-output\fR=\fIOUTPUT\fR
Select the output to display information about.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-pretty\fR
Pretty print JSON.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-seat\fR=\fISEAT\fR
Select the seat to display information about.
.TP
\fB\-\-show\-outputs\fR
Explicitly print outputs even if no other flag connected to outputs is in use.
.TP
\fB\-\-show\-seat\fR
Explicitly print seat even if no other flag connected to seat is in use.
.TP
\fB\-\-sleep\fR
optional delay (in milliseconds) between calls to river for status updates. This option is a no\-op without `\-\-watch`.
.TP
\fB\-T\fR, \fB\-\-tag\fR
Output the key *focusedTags* and numerical value representing which tag is focused for each output.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-title\fR
Print the title of the focused view.
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-urgent\fR
Print information about urgent tags if there are any.
.TP
\fB\-\-view\-tags\fR
Prints the tags of all views.
.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\-\-watch\fR
Continuously print information as it changes.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.SH VERSION
v0.2.1
.SH AUTHORS
Rickard Hedlund <@>
